---
layout: post
cover: assets/images/redmi-5.jpg
navigation: true
title: Redmi 5 Plus revealed
class: post-template
subclass: 'welcome'
categories: ghost
tags: [Getting started]
---

#Redmi 5 & 5 Plus revealed 

> Xiaomi will be launching the Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus on December 7 but it seems the company doesn’t want to keep its audience waiting. The company’s global spokesperson, Donovan Sung has revealed renders of the all-new Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus in a tweet.

*The company had announced the launch date for both devices last week but this new teaser will fuel excitement of Mi enthusiasts even further.
The renders do not stop at just one picture. The spokesperson has revealed the devices in three different colours from different angles. We get a good look at the black, pink and blue variants.

*Since, this will be the company’s first 18:9 aspect ratio device it will come with an all-new tall form factor. Xiaomi will provide a flagship-like design to budget phone buyers.

*The main attraction on both the devices will be the tall Full Display. Apart from that, the device features a single lens 12Megapixel camera on the rear panel and a 5 Megapixel front facing snapper.

The Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus will also come with the latest MIUI 9 out of the box. So far, leaks have suggested that the Redmi 5 will feature a 5.7inch full display and the Redmi 5 Plus will feature a 5.9 inch display. Earlier, the device was spotted on the listing of Chinese regulator TENAA.

Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus will feature a 1.8GHz processor which could be the Snapdragon 625. However, considering previous iterations of the device, Xiaomi might opt for a more budget oriented Snapdragon 450.

The device is expected to feature a much smaller 3200mAH battery in comparison to last year’s Redmi 4. The Redmi device will come in three variants with 16GB, 32GB and 64GB variants.

[Redmi 5](https://mi.com)
